Name : Correct_Solution_SY
demoB0 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB1a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB1b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB2a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB2b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB3 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB4a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB4b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB5a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB5b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB6 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB7 - Correct Logic - 4 points
demoB8 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB9 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB10a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB10b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB11 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB12 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB13a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB13b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB14a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB14b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB15 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB16 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB17 - Correct Logic - 4 points
demoB18 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB19a - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB19b - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB20 - Correct Logic - 2 points
demoB21a - Correct Logic - 4 points
demoB21b - Correct Logic - 4 points
Grade is 70 out of 70.
